docs: adding Square MCP tutorial (#2405)
block/goose: documentation/docs/tutorials/square-mcp.md

This tutorial will get you started with the [official Square MCP Server](https://github.com/square/square-mcp-server) as a Goose extension to enable interactive work for your Square seller account!

:::tip TLDR

**Command**
```sh
npx -y square-mcp-server start
```

**Environment Variables**
```
ACCESS_TOKEN: <YOUR_API_KEY>
SANDBOX: <true/false>
PRODUCTION: <true/false>
```

Note that you'll use `SANDBOX` -or- `PRODUCTION`, not both, and your `ACCESS_TOKEN` will either be a sandbox or production token, depending on which environment you choose.
:::

## Configuration

:::info
Note that you'll need [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed on your system to run this command, as it uses `npx`.
:::

<Tabs groupId="interface">
  <TabItem value="ui" label="Goose Desktop" default>
  1. [Launch the installer](goose://extension?cmd=npx&arg=-y&arg=square-mcp-server%20start&id=square-mcp&name=Square%20MCP%20Server&description=Square%20MCP%20Server&env=ACCESS_TOKEN%3DYour%20Access%20Token&env=SANDBOX%3Dtrue)
  2. Press `Yes` to confirm the installation
  3. Get your [Square Access Token](https://developer.squareup.com/apps) and paste it in

>   4. Add either `SANDBOX` or `PRODUCTION` as an environment variable and set its value to `true`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  4. Keep `SANDBOX` as an environment variable or change to `PRODUCTION` and set its value to `true`
```

   ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  square-mcp
    │
    ◇  What command should be run?
    │  npx -y square-mcp-server start
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  Please set the timeout for this tool (in secs):
    │  300
    // highlight-end
    │
    └ 
  ```  

  1. Choose to add a description. If you select "Yes" here, you will be prompted to enter a description for the extension.
   ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  square-mcp
    │
    ◇  What command should be run?
    │  npx -y square-mcp-server start
    │
    ◆  Please set the timeout for this tool (in secs):
    │  300
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◇  Would you like to add a description?
    │  No
    // highlight-end
    │
    └ 
  ```  

>   1. Obtain a [Brave Search API Key](https://api-dashboard.search.brave.com/app/keys) and paste it in.

Reviewer: need to change this

  :::info
  Sign up for a [Brave Search API account](https://brave.com/search/api/), choose a plan (the free tier gives you 2000 queries per month), and generate your API key from [the developer dashboard](https://api-dashboard.search.brave.com/app/keys).
  :::

   ```sh
    ┌   goose-configure 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to configure?
    │  Add Extension 
    │
    ◇  What type of extension would you like to add?
    │  Command-line Extension 
    │
    ◇  What would you like to call this extension?
    │  square-mcp
    │
    ◇  What command should be run?
    │  npx -y square-mcp-server start
    │
    ◇  Please set the timeout for this tool (in secs):
    │  300
    │
    ◇  Would you like to add a description?
    │  No
    │
    // highlight-start
    ◆  Would you like to add environment variables?
    │  Yes 
    │
    ◇  Environment variable name:
    │  ACCESS_TOKEN
    │
    ◇  Environment variable value:
    │  ▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪▪
    │
    ◇  Add another environment variable?
    │  Yes
    │
    ◇  Environment variable name:

>     │  SANDBOX

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    │  SANDBOX
    
    :::info 
    Change this to PRODUCTION if using a production token
    :::
```

>     │  SANDBOX

Reviewer: need to leave another comment somewhere near here saying this will be PRODUCTION if using a production token
